Document `graphql.extensions.modifyUknownField` #791 (#792)
enonic/app-guillotine: docs/configuration.adoc

[source,properties]
----
queryplayground.ui.mode=off  // <1>
graphql.extensions.modifyUnknownField=throw  // <2>
----

<1> Enable or disable Query playground on project root.
+

> NOTE: For Enonic SDK default = on, for server distributions, default = off.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NOTE: For Enonic SDK default value is `on`, for server distributions - `off`.
```

> <2> Allows you to modify the standard behaviour during modification of unknown fields. Possible values are: `throw`, `ignore`, or `warn`. Default is `throw`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
<2> Allows you to modify the default behavior during modification of unknown fields. Possible values are: `throw`  - to throw an error if it tries to modify an unknown field, `ignore` - to ignore modification modify an unknown field, or `warn` - to log a warning on unknown field modification. Default is `throw`.
```

> <2> Allows you to modify the standard behavior during modification of fields of some GraphQL type, when it encounters an unknown field. Possible values are: `throw`, `ignore`, or `warn`. Default is `throw`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<2> Allows you to modify the standard behaviour during modification of unknown fields. Possible values are: `throw`, `ignore`, or `warn`. Default is `throw`.
```
